Add new guidelines based on survey pipeline (#133)
open-telemetry/sig-end-user: end-user-surveys/README.md

# <img src="https://opentelemetry.io/img/logos/opentelemetry-logo-nav.png" alt="OpenTelemetry Icon" width="45" height=""> OpenTelemetry community surveys
This document is intended to outline best practices for long running and durable OpenTelemetry community surveys. 

> The OpenTelemetry community would like to gather data about end-users including their experiences, preferences, perceptions and opinions about OpenTelemetry. This data can be used to inform priorities within various OpenTelemetry projects.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry community would like to gather data about end-users including their experiences, preferences, perceptions and opinions about OpenTelemetry. This data can be used to inform priorities within various OpenTelemetry projects.
```

### Survey pipeline

You can find information about upcoming surveys in our [survey pipeline](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/projects/90/views/5). 

Key info about the survey pipeline:

> - Mostly, we collect data for survyes for 1 month. In that timeframe we can collect around 100 reponses what is usually enough for the folks running the survey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generally, we collect data for surveys for 1 month. In that timeframe, and according to previous surveys, we can expect to collect around 100 response. This is usually enough of a statistical population for those running the survey.
```
